My life was only work and sleep.
I didn’t receive the love
a child should have from his family.
Sometimes we spent several days starving,
with nothing to eat.
We lost everything we had.
The first thing I needed to do
was pray to Jehovah.
But the only thing I had time to say was
“Jehovah, please help me!”
Each time, he answers my prayer.
Jehovah was holding my hand,
and I could almost hear him saying,
‘I’m with you.’
My love for Jehovah
and for my fellow Christians
motivated me to take the brothers in.
When I comforted others,
it brought me comfort too.
I realized that the love shown
to me by the brothers and sisters
was in imitation of Jehovah.
Jehovah showed me that “love never fails.”